Looking at this HTTP 500 error, here are the key issues and debugging steps:
Problem Analysis

HTTP 500 Internal Server Error - The server encountered an unexpected condition that prevented it from fulfilling the request.
Key Observations:

    Endpoint: POST /api/admin/users/{userId}/ride-credits
    Response: 40 bytes of content (likely a brief error message)
    Server: Express.js application
    Content-Length: Request body is 33 bytes

Troubleshooting Steps:
1. Check the Response Body

The response is only 40 bytes. You need to see what the actual error message says. In your browser's Network tab, click on the request and check the "Response" tab.
2. Verify Request Payload

Your request body is 33 bytes. Common issues:

    Missing required fields (e.g., amount, reason, type)
    Invalid data types (sending string instead of number)
    Malformed JSON

Expected payload might look like:
json

{
  "amount": 50,
  "reason": "promotional credit"
}

3. Check Server Logs

Since this is your admin panel, check the backend logs for:

    Stack traces
    Database errors
    Validation errors
    Authorization issues

4. Common Causes of 500 Errors:

    Database connection issues
    Unhandled exceptions in the route handler
    Missing/invalid user ID (though the UUID looks valid)
    Insufficient permissions on the database
    Validation failures that aren't properly caught

5. Authentication/Authorization

The session cookie is present, but verify:

    The session is valid and not expired
    The admin user has permission to modify ride credits
    The target user ID exists in the database

Next Steps:

    Inspect the response body in Network tab → Response
    Check browser console for any additional error messages
    Review server logs for the detailed error
    Test with a tool like Postman to isolate if it's a browser-specific issue
    Verify the API documentation for the correct request format

Would you like help analyzing the actual error message once you can see the response body?


